Polish SCIM setup (#1608)
astronomer/docs: software/integrate-auth-system.md

<TabItem value="azuread">

> This setup assumes you have already registered Astronomer Software as an application on Azure AD. See [Azure AD](#azure-ad).

Reviewer: When I checked this link it took me to the Azure AD section. So far, so good. However, I noticed that there were two headings with no between them:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/206704863-43f5478f-ba09-40bb-830c-d389053a5f64.png)

The following are the recommendations from our style guides:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/206705198-ca9dc776-cba9-434d-bc0a-1e8938474fde.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/206705473-52d681ca-a8b5-481d-8932-d590f8aedb2c.png)

> 1. If user provisioning isn't available on your existing Astronomer Software application, create a new application using the **Azure Databricks SCIM Provisioning Connector**. See [Configure SCIM provisioning using Microsoft Azure Active Directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/administration-guide/users-groups/scim/aad#step-2-configure-the-enterprise-application).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If user provisioning isn't available on your existing Astronomer Software application, create a new application using the **Azure Databricks SCIM Provisioning Connector**. See [Configure SCIM provisioning using Microsoft Azure Active Directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/administration-guide/users-groups/scim/aad#step-2-configure-the-enterprise-application).
```

Why is Azure Databricks SCIM Provisioning Connector bold? Is this a UI element? If it isn't, there is no need for bold and the capitalization should be updated to: Azure Databricks SCIM provisioning connector.

Author: It is a UI element according to the Azure docs

![Screen Shot 2022-12-09 at 3 07 26 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/206732182-d5e111d6-c03c-4631-b3da-f592c537c682.png)

> 2. In the menu for your configured application, go to **Manage** > **Provisioning**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. In the menu for your Azure application, go to **Manage** > **Provisioning**.
```

> 3. In the **Provisioning Mode** menu, select **Automatic**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Provisioning Mode** > **Automatic**.
```

> 4. In **Tenant URL**, enter the URL for Astronomer's SCIM endpoint. This should be: `https://BASEDOMAIN.astronomer.io/v1/scim/microsoft`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Tenant URL** field, enter `https://BASEDOMAIN.astronomer.io/v1/scim/microsoft`. This is the Astronomer SCIM endpoint URL.
```

   
5. In your `config.yaml` file, add the following configuration to create a unique token that Astronomer Software uses to authenticate requests from Azure AD:

    ```yaml
    astronomer:
      houston: 
        config:
          microsoft:
            scimAuthCode: <your-secret-token>
    ```

    Copy this token for Step 7.

6. Push the configuration change. See [Apply a config change](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/apply-platform-config).
   
7. In the **Provisioning** menu for your Azure application, paste your token into the **Secret Token** field. If this field is left blank, Azure AD includes an OAuth bearer token issued from Azure AD with each request.

8. Click **Test connection** to confirm your connection to the SCIM endpoint.

9.  Create mappings for your Astronomer users and roles. See [Tutorial - Customize user provisioning attribute-mappings for SaaS applications in Azure Active Directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/app-provisioning/customize-application-attributes).

> 10. Go to **Manage** > **Provisioning** > **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click **Manage** > **Provisioning** > **Settings**.
```

> 11. In the **Scope** setting, select **Sync only assigned users and groups**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. In the **Scope** setting list, select **Sync only assigned users and groups**.
```

> 12. Turn the **Provisioning status** toggle to **On**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Click the *Provisioning status** toggle to turn provisioning status on.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/206708147-029766aa-bd1d-4d8f-9bf9-19e7c06da2b5.png)
